Title:
-----
Rogue One

Year:
----
2016

Rating: 
------
8 / 10

Plot:
----
As the rebellion captures and spreads its influence among people,the Galactic empire builds a super weapon cab able to destroy a whole planet. So the rebellion sent a group of rebels to steal plans that hide secrets how to destroy this weapon of mass destruction
The Rebel Alliance makes a risky move to steal the plans for the Death Star, setting up the epic saga to follow.

Cast:
----
Felicity Jones
Diego Luna
Alan Tudyk
Donnie Yen

Reviews:
-------
--
Quick, spoiler-less thoughts from Hollywood Premiere Attendee

Rogue One was quite awesome, and quite different from the movies that came before. It was frightening, tense, very dark, VERY dirty (literally: maybe Mon Mothma was the only character without a layer of filth make-upped onto her face. And she looked so much like Mothma from ROTJ!) Some differences were somewhat striking, but overall it absolutely felt like a Star Wars movie should feel. Lots of familiar faces to see, super tense and exciting and beautiful. I was SO fortunate to be able to attend the premiere at the Pantages Saturday night, and can't wait to see it again Thursday night! There's never been a better time to be a Star Wars fan!

--
I feel like the void left in my heart by episode VII has been filled now.

Maybe it's because I had higher expectations for episode VII and almost none for this one, I feel like this movie managed to achieve what the other one couldn't.
I'm not saying that it was perfect, but it sure was good enough for me, and it will be good enough for many other die-hard SW fans. Leading female actor wasn't that good in my opinion, but otherwise this movie had everything a SW fan could wish for. Good old characters, good old places, and an overall good old SW feeling. Fits into the story line quite well, CGI was a bold move , could've gone bad, but it played out quite nicely. 
Overall I think SW fans will love it, but anybody not deeply immersed in the saga would also enjoy it.